---
output:
  word_document: default
  pdf_document: default
  html_document: default
---

## to Students  

your calling,  
your highest value,  
is yours to name;  
an idea about the world,  
bounded by reality and your doubts.  
  
if you overcome your doubts,  
and see reality plainly,  
you will want peace.  
    
but we all have doubts, so  
you want some form of  
dignity and affirmation.  
    
tell me your calling, student,  
and subtracting from peace,  
i'll tell you your doubts.  
  
On mastering my book  
your life will be regimented  
to afford your calling.  
  
tell me the missing chapter  
that lets you achieve peace  
instead of a life of regimen,  
so that I may find mine.  
## to Instructors  
<!-- imagined as the introduction to the -->
<!-- instructor's course;  -->
<!-- whereas standard swim qual is -->
<!-- an objective test of water commitment, -->
<!-- the top level requires  -->
<!-- water skill despite  -->
<!-- an overt adversary. -->
  
Welcome,
You vibrating sack of meat   
taking up my space and time.  

a teacher and student
take on a debt of time to
bet on my life;
a radical co-dependency. 
why would you do this?  
  
effective teaching
assumes a shared rationality.

you are crazy
for wanting to be a teacher.
you have only one thing to teach:
me to believe you.
  
you will do everything to 
put the truth in front of me.  
if i find out you withhold truth, 
i will punish you with it.  

you are a teacher when you 
re-do your shitty lecture, 
until your student has earned 
both your time.

## next  
This book has been a storm
for me.
It is the eye,
from which I see many horizons.
The young idealist me,
- about 15 -
felt perched outside civilization.
Twice this age,
I am the translator I wished I wasn't.
At 25, I descended into town,
from the military,
to be among people.
After 30 I had crossed into
the formal observatory,
the ivory tower.


This book's object is to define 
the individual absolute;
central terms of necessity, desire,
and pursuit.

From this book I see horizons, 
future work I aimed to imply
from the core premises laid out above.

### h1: Theory  
**Argument 1**  
From PPL and NORMS,
lay seeds for a definition 
of being and seeing,
that provide magnitude approximations
which should be investigated 
at population scale.
The product is a
precise centroid of all humans,
no individual,
the most of all individuals.


**Argument 1**  
Such centroid is defined
by coordinates from theory,
dictating 
measurements of the full population.
Where measurement is noisy,
so too must theory acquiesce.


**Argument 1**  
The successful theory
makes economic predictions
which increase NORM-SAVINGS,
or reduce the net COST
of PPL given FORCES of REALITY.
A capitalist society 
argues that industry offers solutions,
here.

**Argument 1**
COSTS and RISKS generated by PPL, 
i-inherent independence, selfishness, antagonism,
where behavior is patentently
(observed)
adverserial to the centroid,
are the object of social sciences and govt.

### h2: Education  

**Argument 1**  
This book offers two scales
of self-betterment:
- skilled reflection and
- the intellectual bootcamp.

Both programs assume that ALIGNMENT
is the key to SAVINGS,
and self-betterment is social betterment.

**Argument 1**  
I see skilled reflection as 
a micro-solution
to any and all personal, cognitive dilemmas,
whether daily or lifetime.

The intellectual bootcamp
is an experimental BET
to pursue a maximal ideal individual,
both in practice, and in concept.
Through immersive training,
graduates should provide vantage points
worthy of think-tank productivity,
demonstrating, testing, and proposing
solutions beyond NORMs.

What new HABITS can PPL adopt,
which effectively cut down suffering?

**Argument 1**  
Perhaps it is my duty,
but it is my dream lately,
that untapped magic lies in 
the power of WORDS.

What lies beyond
effortful skilled reflection,
truth telling, truth seeking,
disciplined altruism?

What new WORDS maximize Argument 2?

**Argument 1**  
My horizons may be mirages;
this is the domain of fantasy.
Nonetheless,
what is possible when we assume that
human potential IS untapped,
and coordination is not yet perfect,
and improvements are possible?

Neal D.Tyson asks,
"What questions lie beyond our comprehension,
that we cannot think to ask?"

Let us first think to ask all the best questions.

**Argument 1**  
Then let us answer them.
Let us perfect and give away 
the cheat sheet to all. 

A book of answers,
an almanac collecting that which
defines the centroid,
the possible destination,
styled properly from the vantage of the centroid,
with the best plan laid out to arrive there.

### h3: Revision

This is for the ivory tower.
Humans are in motion; imperfect.
That is, they exist physically restless,
and are simultaneously
mentally restless, seeing an ideal
in contradiction with existence.
The social sciences, for too long,
blunder the language game around
the duality of reality and fantasy;
application and theory;
observation and description.

At the least, we must
model and explain 
1- the magnitude gap between,
2- let alone its nature,
but most critically,
3- what it is that we journey
with an ideal in mind,
and how it is that such an ideal (words),
lead to changed reality, vs fail.

All this is to document and theorize about
drafts of an idea, revisions,
and the personal empirical account
of body and mind over a lifetime.

In a symbolic way,
we might document 
the process of developing an argument.
Here I have theories about how
NOTES, and BET move us forward;
how LIB and PRI set precedent for REALITY
to maximize FANTASY.

This book is the first revision. 
Books will come to emphasize each horizon,
and in turn, revise this book further.
What transformation to the ideas will come?

At least,
we fail to account for behavior,
and we fail to relate to eachother NOW,
when we hold out for perfect ideals,
instead of sharing the first MOMENT
an impression could be communicated.
See the Introduction for this point in practice.

## verses
### questions  
it's been asked,
"What is the diff
between loving,
and being in love?"
what evidence would
support an answer beyond
the feeling
associated with
the idea of a difference?

What's the diff
between loving and
being in love with yourself?
or with god?

### answers  
you wanted to make sure 
my passwords were 
easy to find if i died. 
these words are my passwords. 

### v-10001  
`x-death_cab_for_cutie-binary_sea`  
`2021-08-13-2145 v10001 init`  

it appears that
over 10k years ago,
humans moved a certain way
that suggests both
an intelligent era
yet a time before the Answers.

Recently we discovered a magnet
inscribed with patterns
we eventually discovered
you called language.
we are still in the process
of understanding how it
relates to Answers,
as it is 
far too inconsistent
to be a proto-form of Answers.

it is unclear yet
how much Language
it will take to get you here.
We hope as little as possible.

what you call questions,
and recognize as suffering,
deserve immediate attention.

As we continue to work on this
communication bridge,
let me end this first message
in 10000 years to say:

You have given hope
through the patterns
represented in skilled reflection,
structured enough
to give systematicity
in complex representation
that dimly illuminates
the world it attempts to project.

Sincerely,  
the Answerword
  